Speaker A: 25Amonth. Yeah. So Patrick said he would pay 50amonth and then that sounded expensive. I was like trying to think if I would pay 50amonth. But then it was like, maybe I go to. I maybe go to like 3 or 4. Hard to get reservations in a month. In like a busy month.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Feels worth it for that especially. I would never charge them, but especially if it's a group dinner. Like if I'm trying to get a table for four, I wouldn't make the other four people pay. But it's just like that is a harder table to get.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Because for two you can always do bar or walk in, which I'm a big fan of. But for four, for six it's harder. So it's like more worth it if I'm doing that. Whereas table for two is kind of like whatever.
Speaker B: Like, yeah, table for two, sir.
Speaker A: Like if I was mainly doing that, like I'm. I do a lot of group reservations. It's just like I'm the person making the reservation because I'm a control freak and I want to decide where we go.
Speaker B: I'm like, that's huge for the type a planner.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, you obviously know my friends at the executive assistant subreddit. I'm a big fan of them, but I don't have their corporate card. If I had more corporate dinners, I'd pay for dossier without a question. I'd spent that shit. I can't imagine anyone on there is actually paying. You know what I mean?
Speaker B: It's really, really expensive.
Speaker A: Like just pure expense to you. This company should expense it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, actually I was trying to convince Pakit that he should expense Dorseyr through the fund.
Speaker B: Oh, I'm surprised.
Speaker A: 300Amonth, 400amonth. Like, yeah, it's expensive if it's you, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Not if it's Alpis.
Speaker B: Yeah. And if you're taking founders to dinners all the time.
Speaker A: Yes. Which is like, I obviously like, it would be a little bit like he's using it as an excuse. But like some. That much of a stress.
Speaker B: He definitely like.
Speaker A: Like he's the kind of guy who's.
Speaker B: Doing that shit anyway.
Speaker A: Well, that. But also he spends more than whatever because that money goes towards the. The table.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So it's like he definitely spends $5,000 a year at these restaurants, so.
Speaker B: Right. Because like he doesn't necessarily. Like he doesn't really drink. But if he's going out with like, yeah. Portfolio companies with the founders, like people are drinking.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: The bill is high.
Speaker A: When I have Dinner with him. I'll get a drink. Usually. Well, if it's two of us, I usually won't because he's not drinking. But like with the groove. Yeah, but he'll get a non off drink. So it's like. I don't know. I went to actually, I need to check how much it was because I didn't pay. But we went to Andy yesterday. It was definitely like 100 a person.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker A: Or something like that, you know, because we got drinks.
Speaker B: Yeah. And that place isn't like a particularly expensive place.
Speaker A: No, it's pretty well priced. When you go with four or six people somewhere, it's like. Yeah. Ordering a bunch of stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah. There's a tip. It's like It's.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Under 100 people. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: But Dorcia, I don't think that they have a single table that's under a hundred dollars minimum spend.
Speaker A: They don't. I just bought it. I just got the free month. I haven't used it though, because all the tables actually care about are premium only.
Speaker B: That's. Yeah, that's their move. Interesting.
Speaker A: Which is smart. But yeah, if you guys want to play with it, go for it.
Speaker B: I got the. Yeah, the basic version. Not the, not the premium.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what I have. I got a free month of basic.
Speaker B: Oh, I thought they'd give you a free.
Speaker A: I know, me too. I thought they.
Speaker B: I thought they were going to give you a free month of like the, the other tier.
Speaker A: They should have.
Speaker B: Totally should.
Speaker A: Then why did they. Why did they do it via summer? Why would they like, hey, since you're a summer regular.
Speaker B: If you're a summer regular, like you can.
Speaker A: I'm grabbing $100 for what you want.
Speaker B: Like you don't need someone to comp the dor basic membership.
Speaker A: Like, how much is that? Is it.
Speaker B: I don't think it's much. Right. The basic one is. No, it's like it's 175 bucks a year. Yeah, it's. It's like under 20amonth.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's cheap.
Speaker A: Well, they don't. I think most of the like hotter restaurants are only premium.
Speaker B: Yeah. Wait, I got members night at sema.
Speaker A: That's literally. Okay.
Speaker B: So that's the promo she got.
Speaker A: So the way I got the doorscale free month of access is they emailed me being like, hey, since you're a summer regular, you're invited to door CSM on members night. And here's a free month of doors you access.
Speaker B: Huh.
Speaker A: So the email came from sema.
Speaker B: Right. Yeah, they definitely.
Speaker A: Which is really smart.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is. And then like. And then co market it. Yeah, I mean, super smart.
Speaker A: They were like, send it to your regulars.
Speaker B: Dorsia works for the restaurants. They do.
Speaker A: Do you know how it works? Like they just have a table or something.
Speaker B: I think they go to them and they have like a little tablet or some little piece of software and they say, like, can you give us some additional tape? Like whatever. You're gonna put out 10 tables on resi and keep extra walk ins.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Put like a couple outdoors here.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: That like aren't on Resi so that they're bookable. And then the payment is handled through Dorcia. So there must be some integration between like Dorcia and POS and the restaurant. And then it's just like an alternative thing on top of.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Cable management thing.
Speaker A: Actually, my friend Mario, who used to work at Razzy, one of his friends from Razzie just joined Dorcia.
Speaker B: Oh, really?
Speaker A: On the product site. Yeah. Whoa. She was at Razzy for like three years and now she's at Orcia.
Speaker B: We should talk to her. And then steal her. Yeah, you should talk to her.
Speaker A: I don't know how well, but I'm sure Mario can hook it up.
Speaker B: That would be sick. Nice.
Speaker A: But yeah, he was at RC and then he knows a ton of people there. And then our friend who is a chef, was at OpenTable.
Speaker B: She was. Okay.
Speaker A: So we know a lot of.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: When Mario was at Razzie, we got a lot of random intel. Like he explained to me how Notify works. Yeah, you can't do that much with it. But it's. As someone who uses this shit every day, I was like, obviously, like, yeah.
Speaker B: And like you're a tech product person.
Speaker A: Yeah. Kid in a candy store, you know, it's like. Well, so in the summer of 2021, just after vaccines, I went out to dinner a lot. And a lot of times me and my friends would set the same notifies and I would always get it before we went out. And everyone was like, she's just so good. Damn. And then we learned later it's because I have Amax. Like, we didn't. Oh, yeah. Like, I just didn't real. Like, I knew obviously there are the Amex acquisition and all that, but I didn't realize that Notify prioritizes at Max.
Speaker B: Yeah, they like don't really talk about that.
Speaker A: They don't. They don't.
Speaker B: But it's like super true.
Speaker A: Yeah. I think if I remember correctly, Mario, did you find them yeah, it was basically when so notify, the list is like there's two lists that amex, flat and regular.
Speaker B: And then it's so pretty that Ms. Goal gets you nothing, nothing.
Speaker A: And so within that it's how early you set the notify. And so when the table gets released, they notify 10AmEx people first, then they wait 10 seconds, then they notify 10 regular and then they alternate between the two. And it's something along those lines. I might be forgetting like the specific numbers, but it's like basically 10AmEx people get it, then 10 error go, then 10AmEx, then 10 hour girl. So if you set the notify early enough and you have amex, then you.
Speaker B: Have the best shot. You're like in it. Yeah. You're in one of them really early groups. Yeah.
Speaker A: And then also if you, your screen time is hover of the day like mine and you see it when it hits before the 10 second. So it's like you hit the trifecta. It was so funny because even I was like, yeah, I'm just down that much better. Like I didn't know.
Speaker B: Why can't these other people tap a notification?
Speaker A: Well, when summer opened In October of 2021, I went like five times between October and December. I mean I went with different people but like I always got their ass.
Speaker B: Nobody else was getting their ass.
Speaker A: Everyone's like, how is she getting it? Even I, I was like, I'm just not going to.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: To be fine.
Speaker B: Yeah. But you should get it because you're great for sema.
Speaker A: Well, literally. Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah. Cuz you been there four times. It's like they want you to be, they want you to come back.
Speaker A: Well, they don't. At least as far as I can tell, they don't want to do any. Like some restaurants.
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't think they have many levers that they can pull.
Speaker A: They have the crown thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So they don't use it.
Speaker B: I think very few people do.
Speaker A: So I wore this summer a lot in 2021 and 2022. Then in 2023 I did not go at all. And then in 2024 I went once. And then this year I, I'm now like three or four. But the first time I went back this year I had a nine pograhs and the restaurant was basically shut by the time we were done shop came out. It was great because I was with my friend and two of her friends. I didn't even know them. They sent over a lot of free stuff and the entire time like my Friend Lucy Toronto, she had never been, was not familiar with my game. At summer. They kept sending stuff out and she was like, they're so nice. And I was not trying to say anything. Shop comes out. Oh, my God, so good to see you. We haven't seen you in forever. And then they were all like, what the fuck? And then I was like, yeah, truly about to get a reservation. And he was like, yeah, I know. God has been kind. I was like, what? I thought he was going to be like, take my number. He was like. He was like, shout out.
Speaker B: Yeah, our prayers are being answered on both sides.
Speaker A: He was like, keep praying for the reservation. So I was like, okay, cool.
Speaker B: Like, they were like, it's like, what happening with the Four Horsemen? Whenever that was, yo at the Four Horsemen.
Speaker A: They were like, have you checked Razzy?
Speaker B: Yeah, that was so fucked up.
Speaker A: We went. And then I asked them my friend who was here this week, so she really wanted to go. So I sat alone and I like, did spot and everything. But since we were going, I was like, let me just ask them. Because she's not like, she doesn't want a specific R. She's like, here from Tuesday to Sunday. She's down to go anytime. So I was like, I'm sure they'll have something. And so I ask and the guys like, oh, have you checked Rasi?
Speaker B: Have you heard this thing called Risk?
Speaker A: I was like, I'm staying here right now. Oh, my God. Do you think I haven't heard of.
Speaker B: Like, I got in here. Like, that's really treating me like a. Yeah, well, the other times I've tried.
Speaker A: It, even at places that I'm not, Like, I'm not. I haven't been here before when I were like, I'm. When I am somewhere, I'll just be like, oh, can you. Like that worked for me on set. You Cali? Like, I was in the line and my friend was like, can you ask them for a table for me? Also, like, at another time? I was like, why not? I'm already here. So I got my table and I was like, my friend only wants to do 8pm if that's not a hassle. She was like, yeah, of course. It's like you're already standing there, right? Four hug. I didn't give a fuck, though.
Speaker B: No, he didn't care.
Speaker A: He was like, tell your friend to check, Razzy. I was like, okay, thank you.
Speaker B: Thanks. Thanks so much. You're the best idea. Yes.
Speaker A: He kind of half hearted. He was like, I can check if you want. And I Was like, okay. And then he also checked rezi and I was like, okay.
Speaker B: Like, he's checking the same resis as you.
Speaker A: Right. I was like, okay, cool. Right.
Speaker B: What does a banana cost? $12. They're on Rezi. Right.
Speaker A: That's where we put our t. That was really humiliating. But I guess he was kind of like, are you new here? Like, I've never seen you before, so.
Speaker B: Right. I guess, like, yeah, maybe you have.
Speaker A: To cost of not getting the table at full horseman is zero. Like, what am I going to do?
Speaker B: I. Yeah, they're still like spot hasn't even seen anything this week. Like, yeah, they're still really hard to find. What do you think? Pricing wise? Yeah, we have. We've been thinking about this a lot.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like what to price it at once.
Speaker B: You price it at like, do we go to like. Patrick is very pro. He might have like told you about this. But like Patrick is pro. Like, whole thing should be like a pay walled subscription. Like you have to pay a membership.
Speaker A: That's what we talk about.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I figured.
Speaker A: Yeah. Well, because I was. I told him I was. Because I was dad and I came here. Yeah. He. I don't think he's wrong. It's not. It's hard for me to say like how many people would pay. I just have so little idea.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like I would. I don't know how much I would pay. 50 sounds high. 25 sounds fine. 50. I'm like, I need to be using this every week.
Speaker B: To be amazing. Right?
Speaker A: Yeah. I'm not. I'm not only going to like hard to get r. So I don't need it. I'm. I am going out to dinner a lot, but I don't need it most of the time.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: But it's nice to have. But honestly, even 50, I probably would do it if it keeps getting me table. It's like that's like the biggest thing.
Speaker B: Has it been getting you the tables that you think are worth so far?
Speaker A: Yeah. I mean except for us. Right. But that's my friend. Yeah.
Speaker B: That's why you got to Asia last night, right?
Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. So so far it has. I'm curious what the sweet spot is for, like how far in advance you need to set it for it to be really useful. But like if I. What I used to do with the old one was I would just book a table. I didn't. This happened. This is what happened with when I was trying to go to Lolia. I'll book something and then I'll set alert for like.
Speaker B: Yeah, you'll book the.
Speaker A: Switch it out.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so it'd be nice if we can handle that because I had booked something. I had a lilia alert. And then Brian was like, oh, we got a lilia cable. You already have a table.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: That'd be nice if I could do that because I try to upgrade. I'm always trying to upgrade. Yeah. Jaron's in town. We're definitely getting dinner. He wanted it to be mon. If not low year. There's a thousand places speaking ball.
Speaker B: It's not a problem. Right. And it won't be like an amazing dinner, but it'll be right. It's like, we'll come out with Jared. Yeah.
Speaker A: My other use case is I really want to go to this place.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Kind of when I go.
Speaker B: Right, Right.
Speaker A: So I feel like it kind of depends on that. But.
Speaker B: Yeah, but you're kind of like hacking with the multiple date, like, set up right now, you can set up the same search bunch right. Across a bunch of different dates, which is like.
Speaker A: And then the other thing is just I really loved the bonus table thing. That's really fun. I haven't ended up using it yet, but I'm like, oh, I would totally do this.
Speaker B: I think it also, like, helps. It's like a good proof of value. It's like, we are getting these tables.
Speaker A: And that's kind of like the nice. Like, I don't have to set it. It's just like, hey, what's up? Like, you want to go to dinner, right?
Speaker B: Hey, girl.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: It's like, Mr. Patrick, I'm sure. Did he complain to you about the summer thing that happened to him this week?
Speaker A: Yes. But didn't complain about you.
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker A: I know.
Speaker B: Well, yeah. Cause we got him the well that he.
Speaker A: Because I went on Saturday. I texted him being like, God, we need to go back. Because I've been with him like years ago in 2022, probably. And he was like, I need to go back. But I'm like, you're choosing the wrong audience. Right.
Speaker B: Cause like, Sienna, like, didn't want to go. Right.
Speaker A: Why are you going to white voters? Like, I'm literally VIP at dumba. Just call me. Also, why are you making their eyes?
Speaker B: It is really.
Speaker A: I should make the raz and you should go. Like, they can come too. But, like, you're really fumbling. This is. Of course they want to go to weiwu.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. He was so. Because Scott got the table. That's how he got. Which was like a Crazy. He had booked it back up. It did the same thing where it, like, saw that and so grabbed it under, like, my name or something.
Speaker A: So funny.
Speaker B: Which is like a four top at Summit. Like, seven is like a crazy hard res.
Speaker A: We got four hop at other. Yesterday at seven, too. Well, so my friend who was here for the week, usually when she's here, we'll go. She's in Indian. We'll go to one nice Indian restaurant for the last few years, every time she's here, there's been one that's new since the last year, but she came in May. Other hadn't opened a new location yet. And then I was like, okay, we'll either go there or we'll go there. Like, there's, like, so many options. But when we got to seven, I.
Speaker B: Did not expect 7pm I know it's.
Speaker A: 7Pm Four cup is crazy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I mean, the. My only request with that is, like, if you bring us a bottle chicken reservations.
Speaker B: We. We do want to integrate some of the resi experiences, because I think that.
Speaker A: Would be really cool. Yeah. Also that one's the hardest to get because they only have nine a night. Yeah. So that's really, like, if someone cancels that. I did get with her as, you know, to 5, 7pm Once. Oh, cool. Someone just canceled.
Speaker B: I'm sure.
Speaker A: But yeah, I feel like I would pay for this. I know a bunch of people who would also. And I think it's like, I use it, right? It's like, this is what I feel like Jazzy should be. Why isn't Razzie doing this for me? I'm confused. Because obviously the cable is becoming available.
Speaker B: Right. And, like, the restaurant wants to be able to prioritize like. Like a regular. Like someone. Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, even just a person with a notify. Like, why? Like, obviously I like it, and I'm glad it exists, but I'm like, why does this even exist?
Speaker B: It shouldn't have to, like. Yeah, it's very clear that Resi is just, like, not gonna do anything.
Speaker A: But what is the gap here? I'm confused because I have done. I've set alert, and I've done Spot.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And spot is faster.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Why is that? Is it just. Because before the alert even hits me, Spot is just pulling it.
Speaker B: Yeah. It's because there's actually a delay before they even send the notification. Yes.
Speaker A: That. I know. That's what Table Runner also used to do where I was like, I would sometimes get the raz through them and see the alert on my phone around the same time. Yeah. And so it's like there is some outrage.
Speaker B: We just. Yeah, we just figured out how to like. Like it is a tech problem of just like being able to constantly check it essentially. Yeah.
Speaker A: Is that expensive?
Speaker B: Not really. You have to use proxies and some stuff.
Speaker A: But are you only checking the ones that have requests?
Speaker B: I guess, yes. And then we check a few other ones to like get the like special like the bonus table.
Speaker A: But I guess they're not like monitoring which would be more expensive.
Speaker B: We could, we could go a little more frequently and then it would I think increase our odds a little. Like we might score some. Like we've had a few times where we like saw one but then like it disappeared as we were trying. Like we sent a booking call and it like was no longer available.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So like we don't know whether that's like people like canceling and giving to someone else or like a different bot gets it or what. Like the dark forest situation out there. But our bot is routine like compared to the other bots that we find. And like there's one called Autorez. It's like doing the same thing. They charge $19 per booking.
Speaker A: Devin mentioned one today that her friend uses that's a test flight one. But she didn't say the name. But I don't remember, but I can ask. That was like, you know, it's invite only vibe, which honestly you could also do that for one.
Speaker B: I think it's kind of fun. I think invite only is good.
Speaker A: Invite only fun and also interesting because you can see like based on usage, like how it grows. Like I know I have multiple friends who've been like, oh, I want that. And most of them have been like year on year this like I know how much you want dinner.
Speaker B: Like, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Like you. I'm sure you'll use it a non zero number of times. Everyone who lives here and likes to.
Speaker B: Eat out, don't use it.
Speaker A: You'll get some use out of it. But like a lot of people don't even use Notify, you know.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: So it's like, like I remember Mario told me at some point the number. But it's like Notify user, just really low. Notify is already a power user functionality.
Speaker B: Yeah, that makes sense.
Speaker A: Like in a place like New York, probably less so for Renly as a product. Like it's so like if you're trying to make a dinner reservation, who the is like if I get like no one looks like that.
Speaker B: I know, but I think a lot of people Would.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: If. If you could play this, like, you get the spot that's available.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: And then you get to play the lotto.
Speaker A: Honestly, maybe even that's what you call it, like, if you want to upgrade your dinner.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or something. Because it's like, that is my. I like make the plan. Like tomorrow I have ambient dinner plans with my friends. Actually don't know where we're going. Me or may not go to a place that needs a rest, but if I had, I would probably make somewhere else just to have something. And then I do that all the time with Notify, but I actually have like 25 restaurant hit list on Notify. Not hit list on Notify. It's like, it's just my headlist on Dry City.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I always just scroll the hit list, see, like what's available. Because that. Those are my, like, I'll go anytime places.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: And so it's like, okay, I just need a dinner tomorrow.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because my parents are in town, we're going somewhere. And then it's like, okay, any of these will do. And like spin that lot. Spin that wheel.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: It's kind of fun.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it is fun. I think there's a lot of people that fall into the camp of, you know, they're basic resi users.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sometimes they use Notify, but because Rezi doesn't have any of this functionality.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: They don't like, kind of level their game up a little bit in wanting, you know, be more. Try to go to harder to get places. Yeah. But I think a lot of people would play this game also.
Speaker A: I think people don't realize how not difficult it is to get some of these tables. Like, they don't even try.
Speaker B: No, they don't try at all. There's a little bit of like a matching problem in that way where it's like. And some of the like when a place first opens, especially in New York, and it's like, it's not one of the like crazy tier ones, but it's just like, it's a new buzzy place. Like, the Aida location is like, it's really hard to book right now. In two months it'll be like a little easier.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Still hard. But like.
Speaker A: And the place that was bought last year is easy now. Right.
Speaker B: And like people don't realize, so they like, don't. Which, like, sucks for the restaurants.
Speaker A: Like. Yes.
Speaker B: And it's good for like they want, like no one's really using, I think the resi hit list type stuff. Like you're such a power user.
Speaker A: No. Yeah, no one uses that stuff.
Speaker B: They want someone to, like, have that so that, like, it's like, oh, whoa. Like, you know, we're trying to go out tomorrow and like, yeah, the ADA table is actually available. They should go because otherwise, like, they're not gonna remember to check it because it was hard. And just in their brain, it's hard.
Speaker A: Also, there's this thing that Razzie's been trying now, which is like, I forget exactly when it shows up. It's either maybe for notify. Doesn't work off a search where they show you all the restaurants from the same group.
Speaker B: Oh, smart.
Speaker A: Yeah. Which is nice. It's like if you said maybe. It's like you said a notify for Theodora. And it's like, by the way, Ms. Ada has tables or something. Right. And it's like, yeah, that's not always what. You don't always want that. But it's a good discovery mechanism to be like, by the way, this is.
Speaker B: From the same people. Right. Because there are a lot of those groups we've been thinking about.
Speaker A: The city is like, run by food groups. It's like out of the top, like 50, hottest dress. Like probably 20 of them are related to one of the other ones on the list, you know, so it's like. Like the three hottest Indian restaurants to get tables at are owned by the same. Right. They are all. Well, that. That's why I planted all of them.
Speaker B: One of them, yeah. Like, Lilia is still super hard to get.
Speaker A: But Missy.
Speaker B: Missy's a little bit easier. And like, Missy used to be impossible. Yeah. Now it's like, it's getting a little bit easier.
Speaker A: But then Four Horsemen used to be impossible, and now it's more impossible.
Speaker B: Yeah. Still impossible. It's like guys. Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, that one at least is new.
Speaker B: And it does have more tables. I think it's bigger makes.
Speaker A: Yeah, I guess it is small.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Cuz it's not. It probably fits like 40 out of 10. Yeah.
Speaker B: I forgot how small it was until we.
Speaker A: Yeah, cuz I guess the. The bar area is big for a bar. Like that probably adds in.
Speaker B: Right. It's like the whole front.
Speaker A: The chef's powder kind of thing.
Speaker B: Yeah. And then there were like three.
Speaker A: TikTok 40 max. Yeah, it's not big.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's probably less than 40. It's like 30. And then it's like there's three turns or whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah. There was this maybe like two years ago, new York Times did this deep dive on A night in reservations at summer like data visualization thing. They partnered with someone to do it and they just showed like okay, when the reservations go out for like September 1st by this time all the tales are taken. By this time here's what happened then day off, here's like who walked in.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Really great article. Anyway in that they mentioned that there's 200 people. Priya Krishna wrote it, if that helps. 200. They do 200 people a night across the three threeish turns and they have like a thousand plus on notify.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker A: And so if there's a cancellation and they like put a table on resi.
Speaker B: Gone.
Speaker A: Yeah, gone. Because the ratio is so crazy and.
Speaker B: I guess like for them it's like okay, a notify diner is high intent. Yeah. Yeah. I also I get why resident is like not going to build more for these restaurants because like this is a New York. It's such a New York specific problem.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And like they have like the notify like they've probably done the kind of like 80, 20 of what Amex needs to care about for the New York market.
Speaker A: Because yeah.
Speaker B: For whatever percentage of their market is.
Speaker A: I also think New York, even in New York like they can bridge the gap with walk ins.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: All these restaurants that are hard to get arise there's a steady stream of walk ins anyway and so their worst case is not empty seat. Yeah, their worst case like it's pretty rare that they someone's four plus years old now and they just have never had an empty seat. Yeah, it's really like. And not just that, like when was this? At some point I was talking to.
Speaker B: One of the phone.
Speaker A: It was like at the restaurant and he was like we get emails all the time from like agents and managers of celebrities and we don't do like favorites really. Like obviously. And when he said this, I'm sure there are exceptions but he was like. But partly the reason is like we have a blanket no policy because most of the time it's just not anyone correctly that famous.
Speaker B: Right. And like they're not gonna get CAA will email. Yeah.
Speaker A: And it's like you just know that if they say my client it's not Tom Cruise. If it's Tom Cruise, you'll say it's Tom Cruise.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: They'll be like if Tom Cruise wants a dosa, let's make it happen happen.
Speaker B: You know?
Speaker A: Yeah. But like it's some C list actress and they're just like we can't say the name. But they're like fine, don't.
Speaker B: In the c. Celebrities spend meaningfully more than no hitless person.
Speaker A: And it's like the. The people on the notifier like it's their birthday. It's like, the food of their childhood. They're, like, excited to bring them. Yeah.
Speaker B: They've been trying to go for a month and a half, right?
Speaker A: And then it's like, you know, random. Like, Kristen Bell is trying to go because she wrote about it, and it's.
Speaker B: Like, yeah, she's fucked up the New York Times list.
Speaker A: Yeah. No one cares.
Speaker B: I want to go to number one.
Speaker A: Yeah. Although they did tell me once at the marker, Emily Blunt and Jessica Alba came. They had a reservation. They showed up, and the staff immediately recognized them. Finally, they sat in a corner, ordered all. They asked for the spiciest stuff on the menu. They got everything. They loved everything. They closed the restaurant down, and no one bothered them the whole night. But at the end, the kitchen saw someone in the kitchen is a big Emily Blunt fan, and they requested if they could meet. They were like, of course. They were okay. Like, do you mind waiting a bit? Like, let people leave. We don't want it. And they were like, sure, sure, sure. So they, like, everybody left, and apparently, like, they went to the kitchen. They had shots with the shops.
Speaker B: This is like, the owner told me, that's so funny.
Speaker A: Apparently, they were just like, go wasted, like, shoving for your. I was like, I kind of love that. It makes sense. British, so.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, she can hang. She can hang.
Speaker A: But they were like, yeah. We do have celebrities that just make her, like, Mindy K Loves restaurants. So no. Pichai goes to Sema. Like, yeah, they can just. It's just like, let's look at chai stuff. In the end, they're like, yeah, you come Christian bella chai.
Speaker B: Someone who's like, on the OC Three times.
Speaker A: Yeah, right. They're just like, we don't care about you. But Sundar, picture. This is the food of your people. Like, our chef is dying to me, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, everyone's like, yeah.
Speaker A: Well, there was that article recently in Financial Times or something that was like. So the child, like, glides to a table at Sama.
Speaker B: It's like, what.
Speaker A: Are you hugging?
Speaker B: He goes get the same way every time.
Speaker A: But the thing is, at Sama, he just looks like anybody else eating. That doesn't look like.
Speaker B: Like, I. The chai is stunned. Not great.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, he would. He honestly wouldn't stun.
Speaker B: He was glowing restaurants.
Speaker A: It's like. Like, if you're at that queue, like, you have no Problem filling the table.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So like, I am curious why they would do Dorsey. You know, Is it just more money? Right?
Speaker B: I think it's guarantee. Yeah. Money. Well again, the money a little bit. Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah. Because when I was looking at it, I was like, most of these are more than I spent.
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah.
Speaker A: And I'm not. I'm not like watching my spending. It's just like the natural amount of food that like two or four people were ordering.
Speaker B: Right. Like, unless you're like having like a really big night.
Speaker A: Which the only thing I can even think that would push it up there is if we ordered really expensive wine.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Just because the gap is that big. Like.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I wonder. The last time I went to Four Horsemen before I went with you was on a friend's birthday and his boyfriend is really into wine. He's like. Has a like song certification, all that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: There's like how much I know about wine kit. He asked the server for recommendation and so they chat a little bit. What region, what kind of wine, whatever. And then he said something in the 150 range. And me being a fucking idiot, I was like oh, like what is that? Like Officer Will left. I was like 151. And he was like, dollars? I was like, oh, I'm fucking stupid.
Speaker B: Got it.
Speaker A: It did not occur to me that they were ordering a 150 bottle of wine.
Speaker B: And then they'd be like, yeah, that, you know, somewhere around there. Which then they always bring up like a 180.
Speaker A: I thought it was a wine measurement. What do I know? He's a song. 150. Angel was like, yeah, 150 grapes.
Speaker B: I don't know. It's also funny to like think of like. Cuz there's no other like acidity food or alcohol that you would be like. Like you wouldn't be like, oh, you guys have like a steak special.
Speaker A: Yeah, bring me a steak in the 150.
Speaker B: You'd be like, no, bring like a 18 ounce porterhouse.
Speaker A: Right. And maybe this is more common with wine. I just, I don't order wine usually because I'll drink a cocktail.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So. And I was happy for him to do it. Overall, like for me it was fine. Like it was not too expensive, it was a good thing, whatever. But like genuinely that would be the only way you could bump up the difference between like my Theodora Bell and what they want me to pay at Theodora for. Here is $150 level.
Speaker B: I think it is.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like it's literally that.
Speaker B: And it does require like special occasion type spending. It's.
Speaker A: It feels only like it requires price and sensitivity.
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: It's like the average person price sensitive.
Speaker A: Even though I'll spend 1 50.
Speaker B: 50.
Speaker A: But I. I'll be like, oh, it's a special occasion.
Speaker B: Yeah, it is.
Speaker A: Or you have to be like, I just don't care.
Speaker B: I'm so price insensitive.
Speaker A: It's like, okay, when I go to. I live above the Whole Foods. And when I go to the Whole Foods, I don't look at the prices and like it's not cuz I have a billionaire. It's just cuz I like kind of know.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And sometimes I'll.
Speaker B: It's like priced into your lifestyle. Sometimes you're at checkout and you're like.
Speaker A: I live in the building. Where else we're going to go? Yeah, it's downstairs.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So then I go to the Whole Foods and I buy like a thing of cucumbers and a thing of yogurt. And it's whether they tell me 5, 10, or 15, I'm like, okay, sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: What else am I gonna do? Not go to Whole Foods? So then I feel like if I'm not at that level with Theodora, but if I was, I can see the mental leap of being like at Sean Famous Foods. I don't know how much anything costs.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: A sweet green. I don't check the price. I. It's because I know, like it's not.
Speaker B: When you know you're right, it's not.
Speaker A: Gonna be like whether it's 23 or 27, it's fine. Right. I know it.
Speaker B: I know it falls into the background at that point.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: And it's actually. I know when I walk, hardly a purchase. Yeah.
Speaker A: It's like I don't have to sweat this budget.
Speaker B: But Dorsey, I'm sweating looking at the.
Speaker A: Table before also because I'm so price sensitive. I'm like, I need to hit the limit. Whereas the actual doors to customer. The correct customer. Yeah. They're paying for the convenience of getting the table.
Speaker B: Yeah, they are. Yeah.
Speaker A: If I don't really hit the minimum spend. Some of them rich people come in all flavors. Some of them will care a lot. So someone will be like, I will order $100 bottle of wine to bring. Like I would do that. If I go to grocery table, I get the wine just to make the money.
Speaker B: Some percent people are like very price sensitive. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker A: I think it's less about wealth and more about price sensitivity because it's like, the mindset of, like, value for money. Like, my parents, no matter how much they spend, they're like, very particular. It can be a thousand, it can be $1. But, like, my mom will complain about the price of tomatoes. We're talking about like 50 cents first about tomatoes. My mom is like, whining and whining and whining. And I'm like, you just bought a gold bracelet. She's like, yeah. So gold is an investment. Gold goes up. I'm eating the tomatoes.
Speaker B: Right. Like, there's an economic calculus behind every decision.
Speaker A: She's like, these things are not related. Are you stupid? So I feel like it just depends on, like, if you. Oh. Like, they don't get. They hate eating out. Like, they don't. Like, when I'm on vacation with my family, we don't go anywhere nice.
Speaker B: Oh, wow.
Speaker A: We went to Rome and we had most of our meals at McDonald's and Ignatius. Okay. Yeah. But they were. They were so happy. Like, we went to the Vatican. My d. Catholic. They were like, thrilled. My mom was there for like that, you know, she was not there for the meal. We went to one, like, nice place that I booked and then. But I know them, so I was like, they'll be so uncomfortable in an expensive place for every meal. We didn't do all McDonald's, but we do a lot of like pizza, take.
Speaker B: Out eats and stuff.
Speaker A: They're more comfortable there. But, like, they're down to spend the money to go to Rome in July. It's expensive.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: And they're happy with that. But they're not going to spend like €20 on a meal because they feel like it's.
Speaker B: The value is just.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. So I feel like the Dorksta customer is the one who feels like any amount spent on dining is fine. I mean, if. If like buying something goes horribly in my life, hopefully in 10 years I'll be that. I'll be like 150 per person at Theodore. Yeah, whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Except what's one banana, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. Do you. Yeah, I think there's like a lower tier of kind of like Dorsia that is the correct.
Speaker A: But do you think that's worth it? This is what I'm. I was thinking about because, like, was it for you? Right. Because the dor math to me makes. I mean, I'm assuming they're also mention black, but.
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. They raised a lot. They raised a lot of money.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And they've like expanded. They've kind of lost. I think they're doing events, they're doing F1. They're doing. They've lost like focus.
Speaker A: They do F1.
Speaker B: They're like trying to do the guys. He's like. He's like a Miami guy and he's trying to just like do random experiences now.
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: The only person I know who works at Dorsey. Oh. Kind of know is that friend of a friend who went from Resi. I actually don't know anything about their team.
Speaker B: No. I don't know anything. I've never met a happy Dorsea customer.
Speaker A: Really?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Do you think you other people that you know are Dorsey customers? Rich, like ultra wealthy?
Speaker B: Not really. They're mostly people that maybe that's why. Yeah. I think there's probably, you know, their target user is probably happy with it.
Speaker A: That's what I was wondering too. Like, I was curious if you had met those.
Speaker B: Because I haven't.
Speaker A: Okay. My. In my mind, the doors to customer corporate version at least is like Jack Dorsey's ea.
Speaker B: That would be. Yeah. Or any of these bankers. Like.
Speaker A: Yes. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or like.
Speaker B: Or just like a high paying single guy in finance.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes. Oh, this girl's gonna be so impressed if we go to carbon tonight.
Speaker A: Yeah. I. Or VC's assistant. Yeah. Events posted at the bond. Because they're booking a lot of like big and small dinners.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like, I remember when Raji and I went to Twitter, we were friends with a lot of the EAs. And one of the things they would occasionally ask is like, do you guys like, do you guys have a restaurant? Like, because I lived in New York before Asaf, they would ask me like, oh, like Derek has a dinner.
Speaker B: Where should I send them?
Speaker A: Where should I book? Or like the sales team. And they had enough people in New York that usually it wouldn't come to us, but since we were friendly, they'd be like, hey, like you lived in New York. Right. Like they have a dinner board dinner. Like what should we look at? And I would literally be like 11 Madison Park.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And they'd be like, thank you, you're such a genius.
Speaker B: Oh my God.
Speaker A: If you're like, oh my God. They loved it.
Speaker B: It's like the most literally like the og but like that.
Speaker A: I imagine that as the customer though I wouldn't be surprised if in reality like I don't think your experience of meeting a lot of unhappy dogs customers is in act is unusual because there's a lot of people who pay for dossier who actually shouldn't be paying for dossier.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: It's like this Is actually not for you.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: Like you cannot be an unhappy dogs customer if you're price insensitive.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: What are you unhappy about?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: What's the problem?
Speaker B: Like just don't have to.
Speaker A: You don't have enough money.
Speaker B: Yeah. Now you have to put in the work. You don't have enough money. So you gotta get on your resi. Notify game.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: You gotta show up in person. But you're not in this user group. Yeah. If you want to stay in this user group, you have to like budget better.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker B: So stop giving two star reviews in the app store.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: For Dorsia.
Speaker A: Oh my God. Is that what they have?
Speaker B: They have like three, three and a half, I think. Oh, sick. We just got Ken his Friday at Oaks and that's sick.
Speaker A: Best tables.
Speaker B: I'll be right back.
Speaker A: Should we go to Maru soon?
Speaker B: Oh yeah. Do you still want to? Yeah, yeah, let's do.
Speaker A: Because I. I also had pastries from that place just before I saw you guys. So I'm probably not gonna get lunch. Lunch. Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't. Those were really good. I'm like less hungry.
Speaker A: I got the potato one for myself. That was like the special they had. They had a special sweet one that I tried, but it was not that good.
Speaker B: It was like a.
Speaker A: It was. I mean maybe you would like it if you like toffee, but it was like a donut with a toffee glaze.
Speaker B: Oh, interesting.
Speaker A: And the toffee was like very sweet. And I don't even know, was that.
Speaker B: The Nicola one or something?
Speaker A: This was all this and that was a Nicola one.
Speaker B: She loves like a toffee because she's like a substack too.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: And it's like a lot of like, it's very like British. Like toffee, caramel.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Like I actually, I made it. I made it.
Speaker A: There was three Nicola things I brought you.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker A: We tried old free.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: All the one that I didn't get wasn't good. But the chocolate barbed 15.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I've had it before and I like it.
Speaker B: I made this over the weekend. Was like, I'm trying to get better bake. It's like a caramel apple bar.
Speaker A: Oh, cool.
Speaker B: And it was like a shortbread thing on the bottom and then like apple and then like caramel. And it like, it was just like.
Speaker A: It did.
Speaker B: It was like very toffee caramel tasting. And I was like, oh, this is so British. Like this is actually like, this is good. And like I don't even think I like nailed It. But, like, I was like. It makes sense that all of her stuff is, like, skews more this than, like, American. Yeah, My, like, American palette. Oh, yeah. The best tables we've gotten. A couple of the semas definitely up there.
Speaker A: Yeah, that one's really different.
Speaker B: Yeah. We get, like, a decent flow of Four Horsemen, and I. Catalina, which I'm. I'm like, yeah, drop it in. I'm, like, impressed.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's like, yeah, we'll see about that.
Speaker B: I know. It's so, like, I'm not impressed with it. We literally have some for next week and the week after. There's, like, something about this week.
Speaker A: Are they closed or something or.
Speaker B: It's just that this is a. This is like a week where like, like, people start doing holiday trips next week or something. So, like, this week just everyone's here.
Speaker A: I don't know. Yeah. Interesting.
Speaker B: Although we've had some other ones this week. I don't know. We figured out how to get theresi. Oh, we have a couple of Tyresis in December.
Speaker A: Oh, sick. How far out did they book?
Speaker B: I guess December's not that far. Yeah, but that's one of the ones where, like, the bots are all gobbling them up as soon as they decide that they drop it.
Speaker A: Yeah. You have to do special stuff for Tracy.
Speaker B: Just that basically you guys have to, like, know when it's gonna drop and then, like, just hammer resi and be better than the other bots.
Speaker A: Got it.
Speaker B: And so we haven't focused a ton on that problem. Actually.
Speaker A: We have a bunch of Christmas Day seats at the bar if that. If you want to spend $200 on Christmas Day sitting at the bar.
Speaker B: Tracy actually, that be kind of sick. Actually.
Speaker A: The first time I went to Tracy was last year on December 23rd. I was getting lunch with Patrick, and we were going to go to somewhere else high. Dino maybe. And I literally got out of the subway, and I was about to walk past Tracy, and I was like, what if we went to Tracy? He was like, wait. Yeah. So he just walked in. It was like, noon. And he was like, hey, we're looking for a table for you. And they were like, yeah, follow me. We're like, what? That's amazing, because it was kind of empty.
Speaker B: Yeah, around the holidays is definitely a good time.
Speaker A: Yeah. The only time I've been to Tatiana was on December 27th. Different year. Also, Patrick, actually, I got it. I got a table for two, and I was gonna go with my boyfriend, and then we were gonna meet Patrick at our friends engagement party. After. And then Patrick texted me like morning off being like, what are we doing for dinner before the engagement party? And I was like, who's? We're like, what the. Where's my invite? And I was like, I've been table for two. But you know what, let me ask them. So I just called them on a whim. I was like, it's December 27th, right.
Speaker B: Probably actually in the room.
Speaker A: The woman was like, fine, we can do three, but not four. I was like, okay, what kind of a table is this? And then we showed up and it was obviously a table before, but like that was out of town anyway. So it's not like we needed more.
Speaker B: But it was just so funny.
Speaker A: Maybe there's some cable for two where they can add at the. You know.
Speaker B: Yeah. Sometimes there's a corner thing, but.
Speaker A: So maybe that was the plan. But then by the time we showed up or something.
Speaker B: Yeah, because otherwise it's like you don't want a higher bill with the same table. Like same party. Like what?
Speaker A: Like, I was like, can we add one? She was like, yeah, but not two. And I was like, okay, not asking to add you. Right.
Speaker B: Like this is like my move. Like I don't book a two and.
Speaker A: Then can I add one? Can I add another one?
Speaker B: Then you call the accident.
Speaker A: They're like, go to hell. No, it was. Both of those were just random because it was. I was like in town cuz our friend's engagement was on December 27th. So I was. I like went to my balance case for the Christmas and I flew back that morning.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I was like, oh, like when we started Tatiana. Why not? Who's going to Tatiana right now? And I was right. I mean, so it was packed.
Speaker B: No, that's. My like ex girlfriend was like over the Christmas holidays one year and like went up to like. I can't remember if it was via Corota or like it was like one of those.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And she was able to just like get a reservation on like 24th.
Speaker A: And. Yeah. Cuz it's not. It's like not that big.
Speaker B: You can just do it.
Speaker A: And also I think they don't change the like walk in allocation. Really. But there's just less people in town.
Speaker B: Right. Like they're not going to like with the schedule too much.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I also have to run the bathroom and then we can go Maru. Okay, let's do it.
Speaker A: Have you guys been yet?
Speaker B: No, no, just the K Town Maru. Different vibe.
Speaker A: Different vibe, but also goodbye.
Speaker B: Great vibe.
Speaker A: Where do you live?
Speaker B: I live in Greenpoint.
Speaker A: Oh, nice. Beautiful.
Speaker B: Yeah. Right by Three Decker Diner in the library.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: What about you?
Speaker A: I'm in for Green.
Speaker B: Oh, very nice.
Speaker A: Right by Souk and Theodora.
Speaker B: Nice. Is it chill for Green?
Speaker A: Yeah, very chill.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: They're, like, building a lot downtown Brooklyn expansion, but I think that's good.
Speaker B: Yeah, it does. I don't know. I lived in Williamsburg for a couple years and then moved to Greenpoint, and Greenpoint feels like Williamsburg and. Yeah, maybe Fort Greene's next.
Speaker A: I don't know. For Green's been. It's like, more in the Park Slope universe.
Speaker B: Yeah. But it's just protected.
Speaker A: It's, like, super. I feel like it's. It's been the family neighborhood for, like, decades.
Speaker B: Right. You don't think that's gonna change?
Speaker A: It's changing because they're building a lot of high rises. Like, I was in a high rise that's on the border. It's like downtown Brooklyn. I literally live on, like, the border of downtown Brooklyn and Fort Green. Okay. Like, I vote in for, like, Fort Green district, but, like, across the street, street is down from Brooklyn kind of thing. Like on Bugbush. Yeah, but they're building a lot of high rises inside Fort Green, too.
Speaker B: They are.
Speaker A: And, like, aggressively, like, the one I live in was open in 2017, but then there's at least 10 or 15 new ones. Before that. I was in Catholic Kites for a few years. Also building a lot there. I feel like, just by virtue of that, it's becoming younger.
Speaker B: They're getting ready to build the tunnel between these big four green.
Speaker A: Like, literally, it's going to be. It's going to look a lot more like this. I mean, parts of it already do look like this, but there's a ton of construction. What I don't get is, like, all of the new construction in Port Grain, Concord Heights, John Harbour, open, like, every year. There's at least 10 new buildings with, like, a few hundred or sometimes a few thousand units. They're all getting more expensive. And it's like. I'm not an economist, but, like, something's not. What. Yeah, Like, I don't. I'm not IROC planned.
Speaker B: Right. Where are we going, though?
Speaker A: How is the supply increasing and the price also increasing?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: What's not?
Speaker B: And the value of the dollar goes down.
Speaker A: No, literally. Who's. How am I getting screwed?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What. What's happening?
Speaker B: What happened? We got a report first.
Speaker A: Wow. You rigged this out?
Speaker B: What do you think I was doing that? I called James Murphy.
Speaker A: I've been listening to you for years.
Speaker B: Years.
Speaker A: Oh, she's gonna be so happy if she can make it.
Speaker B: I know. Saint is a dice roll.
Speaker A: I mean, whatever. Worst case, we cancel it.
Speaker B: Yeah, you'll be fine. We could actually. We could also ask other tickets.
Speaker A: How would you. If I canceled it in spot, would you do that or how would it work?
Speaker B: Right now when you cancel in spot, we just push that through to resi. But if we, like, are in touch with the person, then we would just be like, hey, hold on to it. We're gonna find someone, and then they'll just be under their name and book it in. Because it's like, we're doing it for, like, friends and friends of friends.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Just like, chill with it because they trust each other.
Speaker A: How many people on it right now?
Speaker B: I think it's gone out to, like, 25 people, but there's like 15 of them are, like, super active.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So it's like a very, like, it's been like, very sticky and, like, high NPS among.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: A lot of people who've gotten it, which is really cool.
Speaker A: How many?
Speaker B: Three.
Speaker A: I was gonna say. Well, I don't think my experience so far, the value. Right.
Speaker B: Like, I think most people are getting definitely, like, a decent amount of money's worth of value.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And the question is, like, how much?
Speaker A: I feel like it would not be difficult for you to get an EA on there.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. Like that. That would be a good stress test because they need a bit more certainty, I think.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And they.
Speaker B: The kind of, like, upgrade thing is really good for them.
Speaker A: The window is smaller, though. Like, they need to confirm it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker A: I don't do. I don't think they want last night, especially if it's bigger. You don't want to organize a post board meeting dinner that moves. Right. Like, ideally. Right.
Speaker B: Even, like, time wise.
Speaker A: Yeah. Like, they want more of a concierge thing where they want to be able to call someone and be like, can you get me a table at.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, I remember this is like. I don't know how many hotels do it anymore, but this was like a big thing with hotels. Well, like, the hotel concierge would, like, have the numbers, restaurants.
Speaker B: So like, when I was in Europe last summer, I used that a couple times.
Speaker A: Yeah. My. My grandfather would his entire life in a single hotel train and in. In Bombay. And they. He learned part of his job was just traveling around the world, staying at hotels and finding ideas.
Speaker B: Oh, that's sick.
Speaker A: Yeah. One of the things he brought back was the concept of a hotel coffee shop. Because coffee shops were not that big in Bombay in, like, the 60s and 70s. There's not a coffee culture in India. And my grandfather went to all these European hotels, and he came back and he wrote this, like, analysis, and he was like, we need a coffee shop. And they were like, why the. Can't we just give them coffee in the room? They were like, no, because the visitor needs a place to eat.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: To hang out, like, the lobby. And so I remember he was saying that, like, in his heyday that, like, the hotel job was you, as a business traveler, should be able to hire. It's.
Speaker B: What is this? You have experience with the wrestling entertainment.
Speaker A: You're not. Yes.