Speaker A: I feel like this is, is this out for a few. Everything's broken. People can't get tables or even discover places to go. Right. Restaurants can't reach or incentivize, reward something, retain, prioritize and reward regulars. And at the core of the issues, it's the booking problems. It's the booking platforms that have stagnated and increasingly shifted their focus away from solving problems. User and diner and restaurant problem problems. So the first three sentences, first two sentences need a highlight. Need to touch on every issue and saying all of these different pieces. Yeah. Are broke it because there's. With number two, there's people can't get tables. Why? Because platforms are overrun with bots and priority goes to cardholders. Credit card partnerships. And two, finding new places to go has become full of friction. Yeah. There's a ton of fragmentation and noise and noise. S. Quality signals have, have weakened. Right. Restaurants. Cuz like we can introduce some of the like with number two, I like, I like the framing. Number two, going for the consumer framing being like well meaning diners can't get access to tables because bots are running wild on the booking platforms and priority is going to cardholders. Restaurants are the ones who end up being punished. They can't identify regulars, they can't reward and prioritize them. And they can't reach new people. And they can't reach new people. At the core of this problem is the booking platform because we know that the core problems for tank getting tables, priority and bots. The core problems for not being able to find a new spot is quality signals. The slop Internet. Slop Internet. No quality signals. Signals are getting worse and just the fragmentation of fragmentation. And maybe there's something about like, maybe there's like pay to play marketing a little. But I don't even think that that's like I actually don't even encounter that. Yeah, there's, there's some of the like extortion on like Yelp and. Right. But that's kind of a slight open table now. But I think that's. It's like opening up just another big problem that. Well, it's also like I think it's that stuff that can just be talked about. Doesn't have to be. Yeah. Written down. And then yet the booking platforms are owned by parent companies who kind of don't care about them or just have incentives that are totally misaligned with the consumers in the restaurants. I think that's good. I think that's a problem. I think that's good too. It's a comprehensive problem. Yeah, it is. Okay. Should I try and scribe? Just can do a joint. Yeah, let's see. Joint scribing. Yeah. How should we open? Like, what is. What is our sort of world or reference point? Because we could go small and just say no one in New York can get a table where they want to eat. Which is like high resonance and sports specificity. Right. And like does anchor the entire thing, but it's also not big grand problem. Right. Versus like the world of restaurant. Blah, blah, blah is like a much bigger thing. Pointing at one individual actor just kind of centers the pitch around them. No one can get a table where they want to eat. New York is kind of fun. I also think so. I think it anchors it in the geography where the problem is the most burning. Because it is hard to. Something that I at least struggled with. I don't know how much you encountered. This was the kind of conveying the like, hey, all this stuff is really bad in New York. And New York is just like a weird fucked up market that is especially right for competition. And from there you can get a foothold. Right. Which again, like, is something to be like stated, but also doesn't need to be like hammered. Yeah. I mean, I like it. It's also. It's storytelling. Right. So like very much storytelling. I say, let's try. What did I say? No one in New York City can get a table. No one in New York City can get the table they want. I think it needs like restaurant or reservation in there. Can't get no. Say you can reservation at a rest. This is not like the best, but no one in New York City can get a reservation at a restaurant. No one in New York City. What did I say the first time? That was fine, but I don't remember. Can get a table if they want. Is that all I said? I was groining it. I look at the transcript. Yeah.